Java Basics Vocabulary Check
Jory Pestorious

1. What is a variable?
   It stores information and can be of different data types.
2. What is a variable declaration?
   It's when you assign a data type to a word and it becomes a variable.
3. What is a variable assignment?
   It's when you assign an actual value or object reference to a variable of the corresponding data type.
4. Can I declare and assign a variable on the same line?
   Yes.
5. Can a method return more than one value?
   No. But you can return something that holds multiple values, like an array or object.
6. What return type must be declared for methods that do not return a value?
   void
7. How are code blocks marked in Java?
   Curly braces
8. What makes up a method's signature?
   Method name and parameters
9. What is a method parameter?
   A method's parameters declare what you pass to the method as arguments.
10. How many parameters can a method have?
    "The number of method parameters is limited to 255."
11. Do all of the parameters for a method have to be of the same type?
    No.
12. What does the import keyword do?
    It makes it so you don't have to type as much.
13. What is the naming convention for Java classes?
    CamelCase, nouns, descriptive
14. What is the naming convention for Java variables?
    CamelCase starting with lowercase, and for static final variables you use all uppercase and use an underscore between words
15. What is the naming convention for Java methods?
    CamelCase starting with lowercase, verbs
16. What is a method body?
    Everything between the curly braces in a method
17. What is an array?
    "An array is a container object that holds a fixed number of values of a single type."
18. When is it better to use a for loop over a while loop?
    When you know how many times you want to loop over something or you need to use variable that is being incremented/decremented to access or modify something
19. What is the difference between a while loop and a do/while loop?
    A do/while loop will always loop at least once even if the test condition is false.
20. What is a switch statement?
    It takes in a variable/value and matches it with a case that it will then start executing from until something is returned, there is a break, or it hits the default.
21. What is scope?
    "The scope refers to the section of code where a variable can be accessed."
